Aim of feedback:

The aim of gathering feedback is trying to find out how effective the current prototype of the website is in meeting functional and non-functional experience goals. It is important to identify on what users like or don’t like, as their feedback will help to improve the website.
To gather the best feedback for every side, there will be two questionnaires, one for technical users (e.g., developers or IT professionals), and one for non-technical users (e.g., clients, general users). The technical users will be asked about code quality, performance, functionality, and structure. While non-technical users will be asked to evaluate usability, navigation, design, clarity, and relevance of content.
The feedback will be gathered using structured questionnaires, one to each audience, and designed to cover all key sections of the website prototype. These include specific features such as calculators, account pages, and booking functionality. There also will be generic questions asking about overall opinion about the website. I believe that this approach of testing the prototype will be evaluated within client requirements and user expectations, and also support clear planning for future development iterations.


Choosing Of Prototype Option:

There were a lot of options for gathering feedback, but after comparing all of the methods, I decided to choose the one that involves sending an email with a link to the website and to both questionnaires, as objectively this method is the most convenient, flexible, and efficient for this project.
Firstly, it gives the tester the opportunity to check out the website by themselves and complete the questionnaire dedicated to them without any rush, with the ability to recheck any website features. However, the only requirement is that testers should be connected to one network and the localhost should be running because, without it, the website cannot be accessed. But as all of the testers are within one network, they will be able to test the website on their computers.
Secondly, in contrast to the method I chose, there were other methods considered but ultimately rejected. The first method, as planned, would involve me showing the website myself or showing a video of the website, and then asking testers to complete the questionnaire. This would result in inaccurate responses or a very long process because, for example, if a tester forgets any aspect of the website, they would have to watch the video again to find the specific section they were meant to test. These methods would be more suitable for real-life projects where employees' opinions are gathered in real-time.
Additionally, if I were to present the website myself, it would lead to the same issues, but I would also have to show the website again to specific people if they forgot something, causing inconveniences. So, in the end, I decided to abandon those variants and choose the email method, which I find the best.


Prototype that will be produced:

The questionnaires were created in hierarchical position and from the pages that were developed the earliest, starting from the home page.
The questionnaires will be created in a way that they will tackle a chosen page, asking the tester to check different features of the website. In the process, it will be as though the questionnaire will guide the tester across the page by pointing their attention to specific sections to be tested and rated.
The questionnaires will consist of detailed questions covering general aspects and focusing on specific sections of the website and code, asking for crucial aspects of the website to ensure that the website can be improved in the future.
Throughout the questionnaire, for specific questions that require special attention, screenshots will be added to both functional and non-functional questionnaires to provide the best experience by immediately pointing out the object of testing, so the tester doesn't have to access the hard-to-access parts of the website, or the parts that they can't enter from the website—for example, the database. This will ensure better feedback and ratings from testers.


Method of gathering feedback:

I thought of Google Forms and Microsoft Forms and chose Google Forms because Google Forms is more user-friendly to use. Google Forms has a big tool stack, which would be useful for gathering more specific information, which is crucially important to find the exact aspect of the website needed to make it better in the future.
There is lots of useful functionality available for gathering feedback—for example, the platform allows users to create a question with multiple-choice answers, either by choosing only one or typing their own answer, as well as the rating system. Also, the function of attaching pictures or videos enhances the experience of testers. A very important feature of Google Forms is the ability to convert collected information from all testers into graphics, charts, and pie charts. The visualization helps users see a general conclusion of which choices testers have chosen.
And overall, the platform is user-friendly and intuitive to use, which is a big advantage for such tasks.


Who to get feedback from and why:

For the questionnaire project, I decided to select testers from different backgrounds to gather as much useful feedback as possible. The testers will be divided into two groups. The first group with little experience in computer technologies and, the second group who work closely with computer technologies. The group with less experience will be asked to complete a non-technical questionnaire, and the more experienced group will complete a functional questionnaire. I will specify which test each tester should complete based on their level of understanding of the topic.


Synopsis of who was asked for feedback:

I decided to select an equal number of testers for the functional and non-functional categories to make the equal number of results for each questionnaire. To gather feedback, I chose 10 people. 5 will complete the functional questionnaire, and 5 will complete the non-functional questionnaire. For the people with less experience in web technologies I asked to complete non-functional questionnaire, and for people who have a better understanding of how websites work I asked to complete the functional questionnaire.


Synopsis of who responded and provided feedback:

At the end of collecting feedback, I received 10 completed forms, 5 functional and 5 non-functional, from the testers I sent the questionnaires to.
